This project aims to be a working example of how to setup a Scala project with SBT, IDEA and JUnit tests.

h1. How to setup

This example is tested using IDEA 9.0.3, Scala 3.0.0 and SBT 0.7.4, but latest versions of everything is probably fine.

* If you haven't done so already, "download and install IDEA"
* If you haven't done so already, "download and install Scala":http://www.scala-lang.org/downloads .
* If you haven't done so already, "download and install Git":http://git-scm.com/download. If you're on Windows, the msysGit distribution is recommended
* If you haven't done so already, "download and setup SBT":http://code.google.com/p/simple-build-tool/wiki/Setup 
* Clone this repository by firing up a command line window, navigating to the directory you would like to have the source code and running the command @git clone xxxxxxxx@
* Start sbt by running the command@sbt@. This will start up the sbt shell and download plugins.
* Download dependencies by running the command @update@ from within the sbt shell
* Create an IDEA project file by running the command @idea@ from within the sbt shell
* Open the generated IDEA project file (sbt-minimal-example.ipr)
* If you haven't done so already, install the Scala plugin for IDEA. Settings -> Plugins -> Available -> Search for Scala -> Right-click "Scala" -> Download and install

h1. How to use

* To run tests continuously (that's why you're here, right? ;) ), run the command @~test@ from within the sbt shell.
* Whenever you add a new dependency, run the command @idea@ from within the sbt shell again to regenerate the IDEA file. Note that this causes all project configuration you've done from IDEA itself to be lost.
* If you add a new JUnit test class, remember to extend the ScalaTest class JUnitSuite. SBT does not support running JUnit tests directly, but ScalaTest supports wring tests JUnit style.

h1. Where to find out more

* "The official SBT homepage":http://code.google.com/p/simple-build-tool/
* The support for IDEA project file generation is via a plugin for SBT: "sbt-idea-plugin":http://github.com/mpeltonen/sbt-idea-plugin 